You said fired.
I'm right.
Promise Tien that you quickly do the resignation procedure.
Leave Giang Bay within three days.
Is there a misunderstanding inside?
Remember.
Uh, we can't follow the original sudden event anymore.
This is a big thing about human life.
Otherwise, there will be a serious accident.
This is Guo Thanh's leading international architect.
His design has won gold medals in international competitions.
Starting from today
He's the new boss of the project.
Do you copy?
General Director Jiang, I have the right to open people.
You.
And you're fired.
General Director Jiang Liu Gong they are former employees of the company anyway.
I didn't make any mistakes myself.
Why is the company's decision?
And you're fired, you open up to me.
Do you know who I am?
I'm nobody.
But it's not you now.
It's about you.
The severance pay will be paid into my account within three days.
Not a penny less.
Maybe I'm missing one.
Interesting.
General Manager Ha, our department is all some small engineers, designers only.
It is not necessary to use such a large desk and such a good working environment.
Oh.
There's also this computer.
This is our personal computer.
They're all from the same company.
What is private not private?
And now this doesn't quite understand me.
Interestingly, I'd like to know about finding someone to replace me as project manager.
Does the president agree?